chore: support for windows os (#251)
hashgraph/hedera-forking: README.md

Alternatively, you can add the `--ffi` flag to your execution script.

> This is necessary because:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is necessary because
```

- On Unix-like operating systems, the library relies on [`curl`](https://curl.se/) to make HTTP requests to the Hedera remote network. This allows the library to fetch token state from the remote network. Since `curl` is an external command, `ffi` must be enabled.

> - On Windows, if PowerShell is available, the library uses the `Invoke-WebRequest` command to handle HTTP requests, which also requires `ffi` to be enabled.

Reviewer: Nice catch!

> [!NOTE]  
> The Foundry library assumes it is running on either a Windows system with PowerShell or a Unix-like operating system.
>
> - On Unix-like systems, it uses `curl`, `bash`, `tail`, `sed`, and `tr` to make requests and parse responses.

> > - On Windows, it uses `Invoke-WebRequest` and `Start-Process` in PowerShell for similar operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - On Windows, it uses `Invoke-WebRequest` and `Start-Process` in PowerShell for a similar effect.
```
